docs: update glossary of terms (#30927)
expo/expo: docs/pages/more/glossary-of-terms.mdx

### Standalone app

> Synonymous with "Production build". An application binary that can be submitted to the Android Play Store or iOS App Store. For more information, see [Build your project for app stores](/deploy/build-project/) or [Run builds locally or on your own infrastructure](/build-reference/local-builds/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synonymous with "Production build". An application binary that can be submitted to the Google Play Store or Apple App Store. For more information, see [Build your project for app stores](/deploy/build-project/) or [Run builds locally or on your own infrastructure](/build-reference/local-builds/).
```

Let's replace "Android" and "iOS" with "Google" and "Apple" since the later are the accurate names for those app stores.
